British eating habits are different from those in China.
People in the UK do not usually have rice or noodles for breakfast.
They eat bread instead.
Hot tea, coffee and milk are their usual breakfast drinks.
Lunch is taken later in the UK at about 1 pm.
Some Chinese people like a hot, filling lunch, many British people today may just have a sandwich,
especially if they work in a busy city like London.
There are also differences in the way school children eat lunch.
In the past, British children at hot lunches at school, as most children in China do now,
although the food was different.
Today it is more common for British school children to bring their own lunches to school.
They will usually eat a sandwich and a piece of fruit, and drink, fruit juice or other soft drinks.
Some children like to buy food from shops outside school, but often this is not allowed.
The evening meal is the most important meal in both countries.
In China, people have dinner at about 6 pm, and so do many people in the UK.
In most families in the UK, there is meat with two or three vegetables, and then something sweet.
But in China, people often have more dishes, and usually with some soup.
And of course, in both countries, people look forward to their most important festivals.
Christmas in the UK, and the Spring Festival in China.
Although the food they eat then is different, there is one thing that people in the UK and China share.
The happiness of being with their families and loved ones.